# World-Population-Analysis
Hello Everyone this is Machine Learning and Data analysis project in this project we are analysis using python 
and machine learning. The world's population is more than three times larger than it was in the mid-twentieth century.The global human population reacged 8.0 billion in
mid-November 2022 from an estimated 2.5 billion people in 1950 .The world population refers to the entire number of people of all ages,living in all countries throughout the world.
China is the most populous country in the world with a population exceeding 1.4 billion. It is one of just two countries with a population of more than 1 billion, with India being the second. As of 2018, India has a population of over 1.355 billion people, and its population growth is expected to continue through at least 2050. By the year 2030, the country of India is expected to become the most populous country in the world. This is because India’s population will grow, while China is projected to see a loss in population.
The following 11 countries that are the most populous in the world each have populations exceeding 100 million. These include the United States, Indonesia, Brazil, Pakistan, Nigeria, Bangladesh, Russia, Mexico, Japan, Ethiopia, and the Philippines. Of these nations, all are expected to continue to grow except Russia and Japan, which will see their populations drop by 2030 before falling again significantly by 2050.
Many other nations have populations of at least one million, while there are also countries that have just thousands. The smallest population in the world can be found in Vatican City, where only 801 people reside.
